# Environmental Smart Office Sensor display user interface
This project was designed to retrieve sensor readings from an online source, store the data locally in three tables to a mySQL database, sort the data into arrays for each sensor with an average for each day and then pass the arrays into Google charts to display the data to the user.
# Setup
Building this project requires ‘xampp’ to run the webpage on a web server and to query a mySQL database by running different php scripts. XAMPP will install Apache and MySQL for this. All files need to be saved under the htdocs folder under ‘insight’ which contains all the subfolders for the different files and images like CSS, JS, HTML, PHP etc. Go to [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html) and follow the instructions. Once XAMPP is installed open the control Panel and start-up APACHE and MYSQL. The localhost web server and MariaDB will not work until you do this.
# Dependencies
As well as having Apache and mySQL servers running for this project, all the library files needed for the different plugins like jQuery, Bootstrap, Pace etc were downloaded and saved locally except one. The Google charts API was not available to download and so when loading the user interface page and building new charts a good connection is needed. This is to allow the program to pull the CDN ‘Content Delivery Network’ library files needed for Google charts to build each chart. Of course if this service was to be pulled by Google then the program will fail to render any charts.
